Gwenevere Abriel: Hello. Happy Birthday Happy birthday.
Just turned
Wayne Dal: 30 yeah
Wayne Dal: 28 today.
Gwenevere Abriel: 25 for me.
Gwenevere Abriel: And holding
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Everyone found out the other day. I'm like, Yeah, I'm 50 they're like what I said, Yeah, this little zoom has got this great little thing called Photoshop on it makes me look fantastic. I'm like, I am just an old bag.
Wayne Dal: Middle
Gwenevere Abriel: No, no, that's
Wayne Dal: Only getting better.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. So, how you doing, how you feeling
Wayne Dal: Good, I'm good. Today I went back to one and a half milligrams
Wayne Dal: As I was having a hard time with one I was having a lot of cravings.
Wayne Dal: And I just didn't feel like myself like I get
Wayne Dal: Busy kind of dizzy feeling
Wayne Dal: And I was like, no, week after going down to one. So I had another sweats, though.
Wayne Dal: It was just hard and you know like the doc said yesterday, it's just my body, you know, getting used to.
Wayne Dal: You know that very low dose of medication.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what if next time we go about it, we do it like point two five.
Wayne Dal: Yeah, that's what meeting.
Wayne Dal: Talked about yesterday was just took down
Wayne Dal: Half a milligram
Wayne Dal: Even less
Wayne Dal: And as you said, just take it real slow. So my take that advice and
Wayne Dal: And run with it.
Wayne Dal: You know, I was, uh,
Wayne Dal: I don't know. It was just a weird feeling that I had. And it's, it's kind of scary to the same time you remember me. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's spend a little bit of time talking about that. Let's, let's not because this is something new. We haven't seen this one in a while. So let's spend some time with it. Let me open up a note here last time we met was March 17
So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't need to review treatment plan review, unless you think you're not going to see me until after April 17 we need to meet within
Gwenevere Abriel: 30 days for individual therapy. So do you think we should review some of the goals today. If you don't think we're going to meet before the 17th of April.
Wayne Dal: I think we should really meet before the 17
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, great, let's do this. Let's go do that up front.
Wayne Dal: Like every two weeks.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah so. Oh, it'll work. If it's the 14th. It'll work perfectly.
Wayne Dal: Yeah, I think, or it could do the 14th what days.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it's like what we're doing now. It's a Tuesday at eight.
Wayne Dal: Yeah yeah that'll work.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'll give you a quick text, hopefully been pretty good about the day before sending people messages of confirmation
Wayne Dal: For 14 yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: Am set your alarm.
Wayne Dal: You know 737 45 beautiful bird now with my new puppy gets me a birdie.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can I just tell you, I wanted to find a nice little segue to talk about your puppy that you were bringing on the screen. I just couldn't do it. But I was just, it was so fantastic seeing that
Gwenevere Abriel: Is adorable.
Wayne Dal: Yeah, he was he was here at my feet. I
Wayne Dal: Need to get on my lap. So I
Wayne Dal: Had to put them up here yesterday.
Wayne Dal: I did.
Wayne Dal: You know, I didn't want him to be a distraction or anything. So it kind of put them down right away but
Gwenevere Abriel: Those are good distractions. It's nice to have a laugh. Some of our content gets pretty serious sometimes so
Gwenevere Abriel: Nice to lighten it up.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, let's see we got to tell
Wayne Dal: Her. I had a question. I was wondering about somebody in this, you know, I don't need to know what's going on. But just to know that they're okay, as well. Kenya. I haven't seen him for
Wayne Dal: A long, long time. Is he doing okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, it's not for me to say, All I can say is
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's see, what can I say
Wayne Dal: This is he, is he still on the program.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know what, I don't think I can.
Say,
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, I think I can do that.
Wayne Dal: Well, I'm just, I just wondered, because I haven't seen him for such a long time. You know, I was just wondering
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I think I can do this for quite a while there was nothing to worry about.
Currently, I don't know.
Wayne Dal: Well, I hope he's doing okay yeah this is someone that you know I was used to see
Wayne Dal: A lot, you know, and I haven't seen him for quite a while and you know I know people, you know, go to different groups and stuff to fit their schedules, but it was just something I've been thinking about, you know, just the people like yesterday and in group.
Wayne Dal: Just thinking about the people that are used to see all the time on. I don't see them anymore so
Wayne Dal: You know, you get used to seeing these faces and then you don't see him and then you get to wondering if they're okay. Yep, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: It. So there's a lot of
Wayne Dal: Things going on.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's right. Sometimes it is schedule. Sometimes if they dropped out. Sometimes it's their arm every other week. You know how you don't come every
Gwenevere Abriel: Week times there's an alternation there. Sometimes there are relapses sometimes, you know, they can't afford it and their insurance lapses. I mean, there's so many different things that happen to people. Sometimes it's a bad fit with me. It doesn't happen very often.
Gwenevere Abriel: But sometimes it's I need to go to a different therapist and I concur that it's a bad fit. It's pretty rare. I like everybody. So it's very rarely something around that.
Gwenevere Abriel: But they may be triggered in some real specific way around something going on with me or maybe. Since Dr. Aubrey hell is my mother, there can be some weird kind of things in there. You don't know what it is. Right. I mean, it's so complicated could be any number of those things.
Gwenevere Abriel: So just just kind of going with that though. Just notice what it's like to wonder, is that part and parcel to this recent. How am I doing in my own recovery, you know, how am I doing I'm having cravings wonder if he had a relapse like is that kind of the same.
Wayne Dal: That's kind of, you know, I, yeah, I do think about that, you know,
Wayne Dal: And that's, that's why I've been thinking about it, because I've, I've been spending a lot of time at home, cuz we're really slow. Now the office so you know my wife, you know, she's, she's going to work. And I'm basically staying here and and
Wayne Dal: You know, like this topic came up yesterday and
Wayne Dal: No, it does bring back some some feelings of back when I was in my funk and, you know, being alone.
Wayne Dal: And you just do a lot of thinking
Wayne Dal: You know, because I i
Wayne Dal: Hear it was just chaotic here a few months ago and now it's just like, whoa.
Wayne Dal: You know, it's just like
Wayne Dal: Too much money.
Wayne Dal: It's what I wanted. You know, I mean, but I don't know. It was just, I just had a lot of time alone and just a lot of time to think and then all this happened, you know,
Wayne Dal: Maybe it was maybe it is a trigger. You know, I thought
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's lay down on this a little bit. Originally it was I want. Meantime, you've got the meantime.
Gwenevere Abriel: But that was on your terms that was, I want to get up, I want to have these half hours. I want to spend time with my wife. I want a nice smooth flow. If I want to make a breakfast. If I want to walk my dog if I want to sit and watch TV that was on your terms.
Wayne Dal: And don't get me wrong, I enjoy it. You know, I'm happy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, but something not in your control. Not on your terms is happening. You are not working as much and you are now and a stay home order from your governor something, aren't you
Wayne Dal: Yeah yeah
Wayne Dal: So just, it just kinda reminds me
Gwenevere Abriel: I know
Wayne Dal: I resigned from my job at the county and you know I was heavily doing pills and drinking very much and it was kind of rings back to those kind of feelings. Yep. You know, I mean,
Gwenevere Abriel: So what that is is it's and it didn't touch on it and group, a little bit.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, yeah. That boredom in and of itself, that being alone up sitting on the couch watching something the temperature of the room, something in the air. I don't have anything to do
Gwenevere Abriel: Can be a trigger, it's so bizarre. It's just this kind of thing. Like, where did that come from. And then the thought comes so
Gwenevere Abriel: Boredom but
Gwenevere Abriel: You didn't ask for this. It's imposed on you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, now just curious. This that when you resigned from the county
Gwenevere Abriel: That was on your terms right
Yes.
Wayne Dal: Well yeah, I was really sick.
Wayne Dal: Just
Wayne Dal: A lot of stress and
Wayne Dal: I was, I was really getting sick, you know, it was developed gas tonight is
Wayne Dal: My blood pressure was back to the roof.
Wayne Dal: I just couldn't take it there anymore.
Wayne Dal: You know, I was in a supervisor position and I was babysitting adults all day was just
Wayne Dal: It just and my boss was total ass.
Wayne Dal: And
Wayne Dal: I just got fed up with it in in when I developed that guest tonight is, you know, like
Wayne Dal: Literally serious and the doctor told me you know
Wayne Dal: No stress. No. No more drinking and I just had to make a decision. You know my health. It was more important than the job and benefits so
Wayne Dal: You know I talked it over with my wife and my kids.
Wayne Dal: Decided to resign.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it's somewhere in between. This was my decision and not my decision. It was a bit of a push, because you couldn't change the environment. So there's a little bit of that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not really what you wanted, with the job itself. Was it a good income and you felt capable and intelligent and there's a good fit. As far as jobs go
Wayne Dal: Definitely. It was a very good paying job yeah
Wayne Dal: Yeah, sorry. I was, you know, I did feel I felt good in where I wasn't in my position.
Wayne Dal: And it's
Wayne Dal: You know, I just now. I think about it and I have a little regret.
Gwenevere Abriel: Really
Yeah.
Wayne Dal: Because I had 17 years and there
Wayne Dal: You know, I needed 25 retire. Sometimes I look at now. And can I see. Damn, I would only have five more years.
Wayne Dal: You know, and I'd be done.
Wayne Dal: So,
Wayne Dal: There, there is just a little regret, sometimes, you know, I should have stuck it out.
Wayne Dal: At that time I just I just couldn't do it.
Wayne Dal: And I do blame my my my dependence a lot on my decision.
Wayne Dal: So it's, it's something I think about sometimes but you know I am much happier now and you know I love my job that I have now and
Wayne Dal: And even been talking to my wife about going out on my own and doing what I do for myself and
Wayne Dal: Working for myself.
Wayne Dal: So that's my new
Wayne Dal: Goal is to start my own business.
Gwenevere Abriel: How
Gwenevere Abriel: Would I do. How let me hear numbers on that one. How
Gwenevere Abriel: Important is it that you get your own business, zero to 10
Wayne Dal: No, it's a tune
Wayne Dal: Really yeah I'm I want to start making money. You know, I see all the money I'm making for our bosses and seeing the, you know, pennies. I call pennies that we get, you know,
Wayne Dal: You know, we could have a $15,000 contract and I do all the work. And I'm getting, you know,
Wayne Dal: thousand bucks for it. You know, so
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to open my
Wayne Dal: Own. I want to make that money for myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to own my own business. Did I phrase that as a goal as a good one.
Wayne Dal: Or start my own business.
Wayne Dal: Start start my own land consulting business. Yeah.
Wayne Dal: I want to start my own
Gwenevere Abriel: Land consulting land consulting. Okay. And I got you today.
Gwenevere Abriel: 331 28 out of 10 How confident are you that you can do this from zero to 10
Oh,
Wayne Dal: I would say it's a 10 I'm very confident because I do have the experience. I do have the knowledge you know I know how to get things done to these government agencies and real confidence doing it. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, first step can be one step that can be done within the next
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's say seven to 14 days little step a call an application a certification some little thing and investigation and research that can be done in the next 14 days.
Wayne Dal: Well, now it's kind of hard because of all this stuff that's going on, you know, I haven't been able to to go and talk to people at the city or the county and let them know that you know to start forwarding some of these applicants to me as opposed to my boss. So it's crazy.
Gwenevere Abriel: But everybody's everybody's
Wayne Dal: Yeah, so
Gwenevere Abriel: Use your get creative right now and think, What can I do
Gwenevere Abriel: To set up a business. Now, it might not be the marketing, which you are just talking about where you're doing networking. What else could you do
Wayne Dal: I could probably
Wayne Dal: Reach out to some individuals via email or text.
Gwenevere Abriel: Could you do a network in zone. Could you hold a little meeting and a little powwow
Wayne Dal: I don't know. Because a lot of those well I guess they could set something
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you think, say, hey, I want to talk to you want to show you this really cool thing, and you actually
Gwenevere Abriel: You dress professionally and you're actually chat with them in here kind of be funny about it. And this is kind of the new way. You know, I would rather have sat down and met with you, you know, over lunch.
Gwenevere Abriel: But with our new situation, how about we meet and zoom in, show you it's really cool. And hey, we can do it with your friends and you're turning them on to something you're teaching them something
Gwenevere Abriel: It kind of I'm telling you, I'm trying to get everybody to kind of see this is a way we can connect
Wayne Dal: Yeah, I like that idea.
Wayne Dal: I really like this, zoom, zoom stuff. So that's a really good idea. I'm writing stuff down. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I wrote down. I could reach out to people for networking opportunity.
Gwenevere Abriel: And when do you think you could do that if you set yourself a goal, and I'll write it down, but make it something that you think you can do
Wayne Dal: I would say within the next week. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: next seven days.
Wayne Dal: And I can also, you know, I have a space here at home where I can have no office. I can start setting stuff up.
Gwenevere Abriel: I could create an office.
Wayne Dal: Is going to get a laptop and stuff so I can get stuff ready here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Here we go.
You know,
Gwenevere Abriel: If you're in an office, you'll do office things
Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, notice how it's not just what you can't do not focusing on the limitations and the constraints, see this as an opportunity because guess what we're all going through it.
Gwenevere Abriel: All of us.
Gwenevere Abriel: And more that you get into the solution and focus completely in this new ignited passion that you have for this business.
Gwenevere Abriel: That other thinking will be there. You won't be bored. You'll be preoccupied with Creative Problem Solving what to other people do going online, what are other people doing
Gwenevere Abriel: Instead of like what is networking look like now in a you know a shelter status like go dive into getting information. This is the time to be getting more information about marketing under these kind of environments.
Gwenevere Abriel: Instead of, I wish I had worked there for 25 years. Look at the difference
Gwenevere Abriel: Why did you see it.
Wayne Dal: Was
Gwenevere Abriel: One of them makes you feel like crap and the other one gets you excited
Wayne Dal: Yeah, yeah, just talking about, you know, this gets me excited
Gwenevere Abriel: And all it is is one step at a time. Maybe today it's I'm going to write a list and I'm going to pull out 10 items from a cluttered corner in my office. I'll go through one box and I will shred 10 pieces of paper. I'm talking about small steps.
Wayne Dal: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then because I know, in reality, what happens is typically once we go do that. We're like, oh this wasn't as hard as I thought. I'm just going to clear out this whole counter or I'll plug in one chord.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, well, now I kind of want to know if the fax machines actually going to work. Okay, I'll turn the computer on well now I kind of want to know if I can fact something, it just snowballs.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you set yourself something to do you go to it. Don't wiggle out of it do something, you know, you can actually do and then it'll probably snowball, but ours will pass and all that negative thinking
Gwenevere Abriel: You're distracted yourself you're completely focused on and it's an investment in your future. There is nothing you can do about the past. The only good that
Gwenevere Abriel: The only thing that it's good for is to say
Gwenevere Abriel: Did I learned my lesson, I cannot. I cannot put my body and my mind. Second, I have to put recovery. First, everything's at stake.
Gwenevere Abriel: A long term job like the negative consequence we visit the past to say I learned my lesson I want you that again. That's it. That's it. You don't linger there and shame yourself and what a turkey, you are you spend one sentence thought on that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Say thank you. I learned my lesson, I will not do it again. I will do the next healthy thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: And the next healthy thing will happen. I'll do the next right thing. The next thing will happen. And here I go. What is it I write it down. Is this something I can do in the next hour. Yes, I can. I go do it. I don't overthink it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I do the five second rule I sort of stand up I count 54321 I'm already over there. I'm already doing it. Why would I stop now. I've already started.
Gwenevere Abriel: You pick up the phone, you start dialing 505 Boom, I got a call. It's going to be the Baba, Baba.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, you just go you're excited if while you're at a 10 your intent and importance and attended confidence. Dude, I would be I would be like, Stop the presses. I now have a lot of time I have the motivation and confidence. I think this is it. This is your moment.
Gwenevere Abriel: Good.
Gwenevere Abriel: On zoom. Isn't this cool. Look at this.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know you can be teaching people and look at the confidence that has, and I know like I've got these ideas for land, blah, blah, blah. You know how to share the screen you can show them reports, you're working on, you can show them sketches, you can be doing stuff just just, just like that.
Do
Gwenevere Abriel: Your own website, your own domain name you already. Maybe you're building a website. I mean, there's so much to do with your own business.
Gwenevere Abriel: Be the first guy out there to get in.
Wayne Dal: Here, I think that's important to get my information out there.
Wayne Dal: So website. Yeah.
Wayne Dal: Yeah. So just, you know, my ultimate goal is to to make enough money where I can
Wayne Dal: You know, pay off my bills live comfortably in and
Wayne Dal: Let my wife retire her. She wants to help she can help. If not, she can
Wayne Dal: You
Wayne Dal: Simba and
Wayne Dal: Whatever she wants to do you know so yeah
Wayne Dal: That's, that's my goal. She's taking care of me for a long time. So, you know, I want to
Wayne Dal: Take care of her.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so what are you noticing as we're talking. Now, notice how your mind has changed how your mindset has changed. How do you describe what's going on and that brand new years
Wayne Dal: Well, I have
Wayne Dal: Excitement
Wayne Dal: And I have a
Wayne Dal: Little tingling sensation in my head.
Wayne Dal: You know, feels it just feels good. Feels good to talk about it and to think about it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And did I invent anything new. No.
Gwenevere Abriel: So notice how this is happening in zone. This is happening through social discussion. You want to be talking to people. It gets you that tingling excited good feeling.
Gwenevere Abriel: It just ignites we are we're charged up by by talking with you. I'm fine. That's great. What, what would you do, what do you guys think, and you might offer a great idea. They might offer a great idea.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then, off we go. You could be onto something really blows up right now because of the constraints we have what you're doing to build up these networks, while everyone else is in fear. You are confidence is continuing and it's showing
Gwenevere Abriel: And you're not daunted by it. I would want to work with someone who continues to be confident during this time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Very cool. So let's review some of the things you are saying you were having some triggers. So let's just see what some of the things you've said in the past relationship.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that, are there any dynamics going on in your relationship where not feeling loved is happening.
Gwenevere Abriel: No. Okay. Is there anything happening around
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Not putting your needs. First you
Know,
Wayne Dal: There's, I don't know how to say it. There's nothing going on like that.
Wayne Dal: I just
Wayne Dal: I don't know where these where everything came from. I was doing good. And all of a sudden
Wayne Dal: It was like a change my thinking but
Wayne Dal: people on my team was
Wayne Dal: Was disrupted.
Gwenevere Abriel: But it looks the same out here. Look. Look at what you did. You said
Gwenevere Abriel: I was how did you feel, I felt good in the position that other job is County.
Gwenevere Abriel: I had to quit.
Gwenevere Abriel: I love my job. Now I have to stay home and look the same.
Gwenevere Abriel: So to me it looks the same. You're bored. You want to be working, you can't work. They look the same. So to me it doesn't look like a big surprise. It looks the same as this other one
Gwenevere Abriel: You wanted to be there working for slightly different reasons but doesn't matter wanted to be working life to the job can't do the job have to stay home. I didn't choose this, I want to be working
Gwenevere Abriel: And that I think is what is getting triggered you're calling it boredom. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: But it's this. I want to be. I'm a productive capable, man. I want to be working right now. I can't. This socks. The sense of helplessness.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is no fun. So when you dipped into it and you marinated in that thinking it continued to cultivate sounds like you had distress increase pain and we had an increase of self medicating
Gwenevere Abriel: put a pin in it and we're playing around. As soon as we started talking about brainstorming ideas are you thinking about pain we thinking about anxiety or you just jazz.
Wayne Dal: Knows those girls jazz. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that's where thought stopping comes in that's, that's where we go
Gwenevere Abriel: That's why I do this deconstruction of what happened then, how is it similar to now it's like oh it's boredom. I'm sitting at home when I know I'm capable person and I can be out doing and I can't. Well, what can I do
Gwenevere Abriel: I can sure have an organized file cabinet. I can share finally get through my junk drawer. I can sure I didn't even know what it is, you know,
Wayne Dal: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hate that bathroom.
Yeah.
Wayne Dal: People are so busy again, there's a lot of stuff I've done so.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll just play with
Wayne Dal: keeping busy as busy as possible. Good.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right. Um, so let's go over here and sounds like I wrote a goal, and it says, I want to start my own land consulting business. We have short term objectives, I could reach out to people for networking opportunity within the next seven days.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then I have, I could get a laptop and set up an office in the house as a short term goal. Okay.
Wayne Dal: Yeah. And also, I can I have a desktop computer. So I can run out and get the word
Wayne Dal: Can download work and get some ink from my printer so
Wayne Dal: There's some stuff I can do to get ready.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you're going to use
Gwenevere Abriel: A basket and gloves. You're going to use precaution.
Wayne Dal: You know, I really don't.
Wayne Dal: Do that, um, I guess I should, because I am kind of high risk.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, can we talk
Wayne Dal: A lot of my lung stuff. I mean,
Wayne Dal: They really like what are my chances of really contracting. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hold on, hold on.
You're scaring me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
You're scaring, sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: But look, look at this.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is someone up here at the top. This is you going about your business with kind of that.
Gwenevere Abriel: All the fine.
Gwenevere Abriel: You could be fine and have it for 14 days sitting inside of you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and you. In fact, let's say 2.5 people and within sets in five days within 30 days just
Gwenevere Abriel: Your let's say you were a carrier of it. You can affect in 30 days basically 406 people. So although you're talking about you. I am worried about you. I actually think you are vulnerable.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you may not want to think about it because feeling vulnerable when you're already feeling vulnerable about being, you know, a producer of, you know, income, etc. I want to be out, busy, busy doing. And then on top of that you have to think about your own physical vulnerability
Gwenevere Abriel: It isn't just you. This is a mark where we have to say to ourselves, wait a minute, not only isn't my own safety you're contributing to the
Gwenevere Abriel: To the community over here 50 50% less exposure. Let's say you were staying home for a couple weeks or a mass
Gwenevere Abriel: Left things that are plastic or metal aside for three days and let the virus sort of die off and you didn't wear the same shoes that you wore in
Gwenevere Abriel: In the stores and you kept those clothes somewhere else and you came in and you showered. And you left all that viral load outside, you might
Gwenevere Abriel: Mitigate it down to 30 days of infecting and if you increase your care and precaution of safety and preparation to about three weeks isolating for maybe three weeks you would reduce it.
Gwenevere Abriel: To maybe only affecting 2.5 people just a three week effort we would go from possibly having an impact on yourself and 406 people down to maybe only impacting 2.5 people. That's a massive difference with just
Gwenevere Abriel: A three week bit of inconvenience. This is a weird timing, it's a it's a time for where to my individual civil liberties and rights begin and end
Gwenevere Abriel: Where do they begin in in and where does my obligation to my family, my neighbors my city, my state my country, my planet. Where does it begin and end
Gwenevere Abriel: We have not been posed with this maybe never
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe me never maybe most of us have not been posed with this situation where we had to think about that dissonance. My, my rights to myself, my obligation to community.
Gwenevere Abriel: Acting locally thinking globally. Why, like I thought that was for recycling, but maybe we can do it for protecting ourselves and others around this virus.
Wayne Dal: Yeah, and I think that the chart you
Wayne Dal: I could be one of the people on the right hand side.
Wayne Dal: Right, not protecting myself because I don't have to be the infected one I could be the one of the ones or the right
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, so you're not what let's say you decide to go out and you don't wear a mask and there's someone who doesn't care about you and he's standing right next to you, he thinks is all bunch of BS. This is stupid. This is like the flu to the stupid, stupid, stupid.
Gwenevere Abriel: He's right here next to you in line and you decided, I don't want to be embarrassed. I don't want to wear a mask.
Gwenevere Abriel: All of that could have been mitigated are you bringing home and you affect tiny tots. Other people
Gwenevere Abriel: Why would we do that, why wouldn't I look ridiculous. I don't care. And I'm kind of a narcissistic little snip. I care about my hair my makeup, right. Look, I look I tried to look kind of cute.
Gwenevere Abriel: I am in there with a dumb ass mask on my face and I don't care dumb ass masks.
Gwenevere Abriel: And gloves on my cause I'm up at the pharmacist with my little my little blue hands. He's like, I got your girl in a while you're doing that. I'm like, Uh huh. And I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: You look how you're touching everybody's medicine and you don't people come driving up here, but there will credit cards credit cards.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell you what.
Wayne Dal: I was thinking I was thinking about that yesterday because I went to the store to get some things
Wayne Dal: And
Wayne Dal: I was looking at that little years old.
Wayne Dal: I was looking at that credit card King and
Wayne Dal: It's gross.
Wayne Dal: So,
Wayne Dal: It made me think they're
Wayne Dal: There I should actually have some gloves if you know because you never know what people people touch everything
Wayne Dal: So yeah, that thought did cross my mind yesterday where I should have had gloves on, you know, I didn't. But I did you know I was aware and touching my face while I was driving home and then came home is washing my hands.
So,
Wayne Dal: You put you touch.
Gwenevere Abriel: The stuff on your car.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, it's true. It sits there for three days on metal or plastic if that's true. I don't know if it's true. But if it is, it's still sitting there on the gearshift if there's metal somewhere the door handle. I don't know. So for me, it's like okay
Gwenevere Abriel: If I've touched it. And it's metal or plastic. It's not going to get touched for three days.
Gwenevere Abriel: If it's if it's something I can transfer food my bread leaves this bag goes into Ziploc
Gwenevere Abriel: lunch meats leave this very safely goes from here, and does it block and then it can be in the house and I don't care you all enjoy your day.
Gwenevere Abriel: My chips, just tell me, I'll go get them. I'll move it. Ice cream goes in Tupperware a cardboard. I don't know, does it die when it freezes. When I read it lives happily. So, I still have to wait. Those, those hours 24 hours 36 hours 72 hours so
Gwenevere Abriel: Here's the deal. I might end up being the one that looks insane. But here's the thing. When I go out to the store.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm the designated shopper and my mental health says to me, I need to feel okay
Gwenevere Abriel: If the ritual of wearing the mask. It's the ritual of changing my clothes, leaving a specific person with my credit card in a Ziploc bag. All of that helps me calm down all day. Why would I do it. Why do I care what other people think I'm out of my mind. What if I'm right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. What if we're the last family in this in this community gets together. We're all going to get it. I think we're all going to get it. I do.
Gwenevere Abriel: But what if I'm the last one. And what if we waited so long that there were enough. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Masks, there were enough respirators and hospitals because weeks and months and past and they were able to make them. What if there were enough healthcare professionals. By the time we got it. And we were taking care of but I pushed it off as long as I could, what it
Gwenevere Abriel: Takes so so what what do y'all think I'm out of my mind well
Gwenevere Abriel: I feel better going out shopping. When I do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Does that make sense.
Wayne Dal: Yeah yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: So you all have to strike that that that that Where's my line. What am I willing to do
Gwenevere Abriel: The CDC is talking about is cleaning surfaces.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, I showed, did I show you that screen.
Wayne Dal: You know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, with the with the solution, etc.
Gwenevere Abriel: And if if we're tracking in from a store things that have landed on the floor because gravity is going to drop my coughing and sneezing straight to the floor and I'm tracking it right into my house and my dog looks good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Food off the floor, and then I kissed him on the face and then you kiss me. Well, okay. That doesn't seem like it took that long to get to my mouth. Hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I got a problem with that. I'ma leave those shoes with a dog can't get to it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it doesn't get to my face.
Wayne Dal: Yeah.
Wayne Dal: Only will start protecting myself. I have those. But I don't have mask. You know what I could use
Wayne Dal: 30
Gwenevere Abriel: Somethings better than
Wayne Dal: Nothing.
Wayne Dal: And I've been trying to limit my
Wayne Dal: You know, going out.
Wayne Dal: Because, you know, my mom is a little worried about me because of my alone.
Wayne Dal: Thing and you know she's been keeping on, not about not going anywhere, staying home and stuff so I I can't really do that. You know what I mean I have to go out and do some shopping here and there. So I will start protecting myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: But why do you have to be
Wayne Dal: Shot.
Gwenevere Abriel: Why can't your wife, the healthier person be that
Wayne Dal: I just think that, you know, she's at work all day and she shouldn't have to come home and go to the store. You know I want her to be able to come home and
Wayne Dal: Relax and not worry about about that thing you know about doing stuff because you know I'm here all day and I just feel it's my duty to to do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: How good are you going to be if you if you get sick and die.
Gwenevere Abriel: How much help.
Wayne Dal: Me no good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so I fear at you, not to freak you out, but to say if this isn't discussed as a family. This is family meeting kind of thing. This is
Gwenevere Abriel: So the decision for me was, look, I'm the most conservative person. I'm going to think of careful thoughts before anybody else. I'm pretty healthy. I don't have a predisposition. I hate shopping. So it's like a total inconvenience for me.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I'm kind of the right person to do it. So I was like, Okay, I'll be the shopper because I'm going to be super careful now. It was the decision and they hate it.
Gwenevere Abriel: But
Gwenevere Abriel: We we all decided together.
Wayne Dal: I think it's a discussion.
Wayne Dal: With her and
Wayne Dal: She might have to do it on Saturday and
Wayne Dal: That's it, you know, cuz she does understand that I am
Wayne Dal: You know risk more than she is she's
Gwenevere Abriel: wearing a mask. She's got stuff that comes in the house, nothing that was out there comes in.
Wayne Dal: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know that seems really kooky. But can you imagine if she was thinking that she caused you to get sick. I mean, this whole thing is like we've got to be taking care of your mental health to, like, wait a minute.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's all be careful.
Wayne Dal: Yeah, and I don't think a lot of people think that way.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's why I'm encouraging people in group I'm encouraging discussions in here. Like I said, for most of us. This is the first time we really get in a meaningful way.
Gwenevere Abriel: act locally think globally is the one of the first time we've ever been forced to do it. So what good rehearsal, because our planets, about to, you know, it's in trouble. This
Gwenevere Abriel: This might be a good reversal for us about how how to think like that. So that's why I'm thinking about it, good for us. We're going to learn from this. I hope you know
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, Did I scare you. I don't want to scare you. I just want
Wayne Dal: To you just made me think, you know, it is important.
Wayne Dal: To protect yourself and your family and
Wayne Dal: You know he didn't scare me at all.
Wayne Dal: You know, and it was good because i guess i really didn't think it was, you know, important
Wayne Dal: You know, I do, but the back of my mind, I'm like, you know, like I asked, you know, what are my chances really getting infected, you know,
Wayne Dal: But it just made me think that I need to protect myself 500 more than 500 people died in one day yesterday. I know.
Wayne Dal: And here in New Mexico, you know,
Wayne Dal: I think Santa Fe county has the second highest rate of people infected. So it's here you
Gwenevere Abriel: Will laugh about it later. Go to your shop and go look for a drywall mask one that you have tucked in your toolbox.
Gwenevere Abriel: Shake it out and wear it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Minus from when I was putting up. I took the popcorn off. I still have one laying around. I hate
Gwenevere Abriel: I took out
Gwenevere Abriel: A form down. Yes, so much work to make my shoulders.
Gwenevere Abriel: Wednesday and I gotta have it's baby smooth, you know, some wrong with me anyway so smooth as well.
Gwenevere Abriel: I still had it.
Wayne Dal: shake up now.
Wayne Dal: I think I have one somewhere.
Gwenevere Abriel: You see, you go in and you get you some get one for your, for your wife, we put in a ziplock we have we have our cleaning material with us we wipe. We clean
Gwenevere Abriel: And then we wait maybe we don't go out, but for every three days. Right. Well, if stuff stays on, so I won't go shopping. So that stuff. I can keep track of it. I keep a little label to head is really cookie like this is when it came in. This is when we can bring it in three days later.
Gwenevere Abriel: I still like it down but
Wayne Dal: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: This way of mitigating any issues because it helps me in my head.
It helps me
Wayne Dal: In a way it's, it's the truth because you never know who's touched whatever it is that you've got
Wayne Dal: You know so many people, you know, grab stuff off the shelves and look at it. Probably cough on it.
Wayne Dal: And put it back. And then you come along and grab it and put in your basket. So
Wayne Dal: You know, it doesn't only help you in your mind. It's just, you never know a virus could be on there.
Wayne Dal: wise thing to do is to leave it for three days and wipe it down and then bring it in, but
Gwenevere Abriel: If we are in what we might say,
Gwenevere Abriel: Sort of obliviousness or denial. If it's hard for us to see our own vulnerability that that we won't do any of those things will minimize it. And that's my concern, you are at risk.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's nothing wrong with you, protecting yourself. It is your very personality right it to not put you
Wayne Dal: First
Gwenevere Abriel: So you're even that much more at risk because you won't you won't want to inconvenience, your wife.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you imagine how she would feel
Gwenevere Abriel: If that's what you were thinking and didn't talk with her about it.
Wayne Dal: She could have helped. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's complicated stuff. This is where the very vulnerability about our character our style comes out.
Gwenevere Abriel: And we've got to challenge those things and say wait a minute, this is what I was doing before, all bets are off. Right now we got to do this differently. We've got to have this sort of, you know, the whole is greater than the sum of the parts mentality. We need to think in a larger scale.
Gwenevere Abriel: We start with our family.
You know,
Gwenevere Abriel: I just hope.
Gwenevere Abriel: That all those homes that have the five second rule I finally I hope it finally goes out of code.
Gwenevere Abriel: always made me crazy. Oh, I like the germs. Don't wait.
Wayne Dal: Kids are like that. I'm, you know, I'm a real
Wayne Dal: You know, clean freak and everything gets clean. They're like, oh, that's for you can eat. So, you know, they'll drop something and pick it up and eat it like, dude,
Wayne Dal: If
Gwenevere Abriel: They don't say there's a cookie. Let's wait
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's wait a
Wayne Dal: Second, so say my floors are clean, but you're in here with shoes on which you know I hate
Wayne Dal: Everyone you know you've been walking all over the floor. That's, that's my pet peeve. And then people wearing shoes in my house, man.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now you've got a good reason to get on them about
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: A nice little place to stack them up or a little bag. They can stick their, their little shoes in and now you're like see
Wayne Dal: Leave them upside
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah this whole time you've been have been doing away with this learning curve.
Wayne Dal: Yeah, exactly.
Gwenevere Abriel: joke about it, we can find ourselves funny, I find myself completely ridiculous. And so whatever. What am I supposed to do, you know, this helps me, psychologically, so I'm not preoccupied with it all day.
Wayne Dal: Everything that I can
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, well you know I have big plans for you. I was gonna do. I'm Dr. But you know what, sometimes
Wayne Dal: You do it next time I got my water bottles. They said, Yeah.
Wayne Dal: Uh huh. So I'll be prepared next time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so we have April 14
Gwenevere Abriel: And we will be April 14 at 8am and we'll meet them and see if we can kind of loosen up some of the stuff from a little earlier, that are still triggers for you. I'm just so I know how are you doing around your ability to
Gwenevere Abriel: Notice what you need. What you want what you prefer. Notice if you can catch
Gwenevere Abriel: A nice communication or a polite assertive communication. Are you able to do that before you show anger or is there still that same pattern of getting irritated impatient and blowing up what what do you like
Wayne Dal: I'm
Wayne Dal: If, if something is bothering me. I say something right away. I don't let it I don't keep it inside
Wayne Dal: not talk about it. I say it right away. And that's it.
Wayne Dal: You know what I mean. I said what was on my mind or what was bothering me or something. I said it. That's it. Okay. So yeah, it's not that same or cycle where, you know, I didn't talk about it.
Wayne Dal: Anger me, you know, get those
Gwenevere Abriel: Feelings out of me change routine and morning. I want to start my own landscaping timber Suboxone
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so I don't have anything about the anger anymore. I must close those out. Yeah. Let me close that one out.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's go over to. So this is what we'll do, get those past feelings out of me and be positive. Now, that's your wording therapeutically I'm thinking reprocess early trauma.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's see if we can set ourselves a goal that next time we meet will do that will I'll pick up a target negative font that you still have we'll see if we can do a little bit of work around it. Okay.
Wayne Dal: Okay. All right. Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: And you said you're at 1.5 milligrams today yes just catch yourself thinking, What if I just wait.
Gwenevere Abriel: 90 seconds. I'll go busy myself for 90 seconds I know my initial thought is, I want to use. I want to escape this emotion. What if anybody can do a distraction for 90 seconds and you go do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Thing. And then guess what. Now, or has passed. Okay, try the 92nd thing of distraction.
Gwenevere Abriel: Give yourself permission to delay the reward a little bit and I think you'll see that you're able to delay even longer.
Wayne Dal: You know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Do the breathing go talk with someone go do some stretching. Get back in your body. You're okay we're okay. Know that you are not alone. We are all going through this maybe like no other time in your life. Have we all had probably the same thought once a day. Oh my gosh.
Wayne Dal: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: No matter the gender, no matter the religion, all of us. I think it's amazing.
Wayne Dal: Yeah, it is. You're not
You're not alone.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, I will see you when I sleep.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Okay, bye.